DEVDOCS-5678: [update] clarify payments doc (#161)
bigcommerce/docs: docs/api-docs/payments/payments-api-overview.mdx

3D Secure is a storefront-based experience that requires the shopper's interaction to authenticate the transaction. Because requests to our Payments API must be initiated in a server-to-server context rather than from the storefront, any 3D Secure-enabled card must first be saved during a shopper-initiated transaction and then charged as a stored payment instrument. Attempts to process any payment that requires 3D Secure verification using a card that has not been previously saved will be unsuccessful.
</Callout>

> You can process payments charged to either of two main forms of payment: [stored payment instruments](#stored-cards-paypal-and-bank-accounts) or [new cards](#credit-cards) which still need to be saved. The API flow does not support hosted, offsite, or wallet-type providers like Amazon Pay. One exception here is that existing [stored PayPal accounts](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Enabling-Stored-Payment-Methods?language=en_US#paypal) are supported by only one provider, PayPal powered by Braintree. No providers support using non-stored/new PayPal accounts through this API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can process payments charged to either of two main forms of payment: [stored payment instruments](#stored-cards-paypal-and-bank-accounts) or [new cards](#credit-cards) which still need to be saved. The API flow does not support hosted, offsite, or wallet-type providers like Amazon Pay. One exception is that one provider, PayPal powered by Braintree, supports existing [stored PayPal accounts](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Enabling-Stored-Payment-Methods?language=en_US#paypal). No providers support using non-stored/new PayPal accounts through this API.
```
